Tonight,
global business tycoon
Peter Jones joins the Tank.
Peter is the most seasoned
investor on "Dragons' Den,"
the U.K. version
of "Shark Tank,"
with 18 seasons under his belt.
I can help
you scale this business
from a global perspective.
That's what I bring
to the party.
The British are coming!
Ocean plastics are one of
the biggest
environmental challenges
of our generation.
We have got
the meals for busy people
who care about
what they put in their bodies.
It's a perfect tool
when you're multitasking
or when you have a coworker
like Mr. Wonderful
who keeps on ranting.
This is
a lifelong dream realized,
to be able to put my passion
for music into my career.
I could be your perfect partner,
and that's why I'm gonna
make you an offer.
I know how to make
this thing huge.
I'm afraid you guys
might hold me back.
Who's ready
to take the bait?
- It's a no-brainer.
- It's time
to make some money.
First in the Tank
is a way to give
the most memorable gift.
Hi, Sharks.
I'm Ellen Hodges.
And I'm Omayya Atout,
and we're seeking $400,000
in exchange for 10% equity
in Songlorious.
Do you want to give a gift
that you know
will get
a strong emotional reaction,
a gift that captures memories,
a gift that creates new ones?
Greeting cards, flowers,
they all fall flat
'cause they're
kind of impersonal
and, sooner or later,
and up in the trash.
That's where
Songlorious comes in,
with a gift
that lasts forever.
Songlorious is a website
that anyone can use
to have a personalized,
studio-quality song
made completely from scratch
for any occasion.
All you have to do
is go to the website,
choose a genre,
tell us your story,
and one of our artists
will have a song created
especially for
your loved one.
Let us give you
a little taste
of what you could expect
from Songlorious.
- - Yeah!
- - Very good.
Yay!
- Alright.
- Good job.
So, Sharks, which one of you
wants to rock...
And roll with us...
Into the future
of gift giving?!
- - Alright.
- - Good job.
How does it work?
So, every song is completely
unique and made per order.
So, you go to the website,
you choose a genre,
you tell us how long
you want the song to be.
We've got options from
30 seconds to three minutes.
And, you know, the price depends
on those two factors.
And then you just
tell us your story.
You tell us the occasion
and about the person it's for.
Part of the order process,
you choose the genre,
And some of them
are acoustic genres,
which are priced
a little cheaper,
and some of them
are full production.
We've got pop-rock,
country-rock, EDM.
And then
it's up to the artists
to provide
all of the instrumentation.
What's the price between
a 30-second
versus a three-minute?
So, a 30-second is $45.
That's what it starts at
for an acoustic song
And for a full
three-minute song,
if it's acoustic, $205.
And if it's a full
instrumentation, it's $230.
So, how does it work, then?
So you've got a load
of freelance singers?
Yes.
We have about 100 musicians
on our team right now.
And how much do you pay them
each time they do a song?
So we pay them anywhere
between 35% to 55%
of the song's order cost,
plus any tips that they get,
they get 100% of.
And the average tip
is about $51.
- Wow.
- Good for them.
That's awesome.
What have your sales been so far
since you've launched?
So last year
we made $700,000.
- Oh!
- Wow.
This year to date,
we've made $1.1 million.
Wow.
That's so great.
Whoa!
O'You made $1.1 million.
What do you get
to the bottom line
by the time bottom line
by the time...?
The bottom line
is 9% profit so far.
- 9%?
- And that's after you guys
pay yourselves, obviously.
No, that's before
we pay ourselves.
Ohh.
Well,
when we started,
we were living
in Brooklyn
in an apartment
with four other roommates,
and I just basically used
my personal credit cards
to start the website.
And basically
any money we were making,
we were putting back in.
How did you come
up with this idea?
So, we're both musicians.
We made
a personalized song
for one of my friends
for their wedding
right before
the pandemic hit,
and then we decided to kind of
turn that idea into a website
and make the songs ourself.
We hoped to do
about three songs a week
just for fun
and some extra money.
And then put some
advertising money behind it
because we believed
in the idea.
But then we started getting more
orders than we could handle.
We were staying up all night
in our apartment, making music.
- Writing music, too.
- And we were overwhelmed.
And that's
at the same time
artists were contacting us,
like,
"Hey, we saw your ad.
I'm looking for work."
And we were like, "Join the team
'cause we need people."
This is a lifelong dream
realized, to be able
to put my passion
for music into my career.
It's the best feeling
in the world.
And to do it with, you know,
the love of my life.
Now, who has knocked you off
so far?
How many competitors
do you have?
So, there are other businesses
that do this.
You know, personalized
songs have really been around
since the singing telegram.
It's not -- it seems new,
but it's very old.
There are some websites out
there that are just one person.
They typically have
long turnaround times
and high prices.
And then the other ones
that have a roster of musicians
are typically
templated songs
where they just change a name,
and, you know...
Is it just the two of you
running the company?
It started
just the two of us.
Now we have four
full-time employees.
So, where do you see
this company going?
We can copy and paste
this model into other languages.
Right now we only do songs
in English.
We really want to dive into
the wedding sector as well.
We do a lot of songs
for weddings already,
but we feel like there's
a lot of opportunity there.
Wedding sector.
And then additionally,
with the corporate world,
you know, we already
have a couple of companies
who are ordering songs
all the time.
Anytime somebody
gets promoted or hired,
they buy them a custom song.
What would you like
to use the money for?
We're going to use it
for all the marketing expansions
that we're looking for,
whether it's digital, you know,
television, radio, et cetera.
The truth is, you know,
we're musicians,
we're not
marketing experts.
We've come this far,
but we really need --
You want to use
the $400,000
to professionalize
the whole operation, basically.
Exactly.
I get the feeling
and sense that
you're not businesspeople.
That's why you're here.
You need help.
Kevin.
Do you like this?
- So do I.
- But do you have a forecast?
Do you have any idea
of where this could get to?
We have a general idea
from just forecasting
regular numbers-wise.
We're looking at
$2.5 million this year,
and we're looking out
for about
$5 million next year.
So, in the U.K.,
I used to own a company
called Red Letter Days.
Basically, it was
an experience company.
You could buy a recording
for whatever you wanted,
for a birthday,
for whatever.
Very, very similar.
We sold it,
and we made a lot of money.
One thing that was really
interesting is it took off.
Yeah.
It was really, really big.
But it took off
because we decided
to make it really simple.
Mm-hmm.
And your website
and your technology
you're using
is absolutely vital
to get that right.
But I do think, with the right
backup in terms of technology,
I think this could be huge,
particularly for weddings.
That means so much
- to hear it from you.
- Thank you.
Guys, with what's happening
in artificial intelligence,
you've seen, you know,
emulated voices that sound
really, really, really good.
Mm-hmm.
I have a company
called Synthesia,
and that's all they do
is replicate voices.
- Wow.
- So you can take my voice
saying this and convert it
to 30 different languages.
Ellen, Omayya,
based on this experience
that I have
in growing businesses like this,
I could be
your perfect partner.
And that's why I'm gonna
make you an offer.
- Okay.
- Oh!
But my offer
doesn't come cheap.
I'm going to
offer you $400,000,
but I'd like to share
the business with you equally,
I'd like a third
of the business.
- Oh!
- We appreciate the offer
very much.
Yeah.
Thank you.
This type of business
could be huge.
I can help you scale
this business
from a global perspective,
and I think that's
really important
for a business like this.
Absolutely.
The global market is definitely
something we're interested in.
I think Peter has a great offer
on the table.
That's why I'll match that,
but for 20%.
Wow.
Appreciate the offer.
All sharks are still in.
Ellen and Omayya have two offers
on the table
for their custom song business,
Songlorious.
But Mark and Kevin
may also be interested.
I'm huge in the wedding
industry, obviously,
but I like Cuban's
technology idea,
and he owns that company
that has a piece of it.
How about we partner,
Cuban and I, 50/50,
offer you the $400,000?
We'll do it for 25%.
Actually, what we should
do is we should see
if Peter wants to come in
and go to the 33%,
but let Peter handle
the international,
Kevin handle the weddings
and everything.
I can deal with
the technological side.
Now, we'd still need the 33%.
That gives us enough each
to care.
If Peter's
in for that.
I would love to do that.
Come on, guys,
give me some room here.
Hey, why don't we
take it up to 40%?
I'm gonna add the diversity.
No.
You know how close I am
with the music community.
Come on, man.
Wait, listen, this is gonna be
a social-media play, right?
African-Americans,
we like to talk.
So, why don't you let me in
on it a little bit?
- Give me a little sidewalk here.
- O'Daymond, Daymond.
Another 7%,
we all split it.
I'm feeling very left out
all of a sudden.
Can you sing, Lori?
Right now we've got --
we're gonna throw Daymond
under the bus
unless you're willing
to go to 40%
to give us 10% each.
Then we get everything he's got
on social.
You got four Sharks.
We love the deal.
Everybody brings
something special.
To go to 40%, we should put in
a little bit more money.
Agreed.
So that it should be 500K
at that point.
Done.
Right?
Now, look,
it seems like a lot,
but, effectively, we're letting
you just stay creative
and you guys will own
the majority still.
But you've got four people
who touch every base,
so that makes it a home run.
We'd like to counter offer.
- Can we talk for a second?
- Sure.
If you guys don't mind,
- please?
- No, go ahead.
Think about the amount of money
that you would have to pay
to get four Sharks like us.
You know,
the expertise that we bring
is extreme in this case.
Let's say $700,000.
You do what you think is best.
Okay?
So, I'm just going
to counter with this.
Can we do $800,000,
40%?
I think you might be
too greedy now.
I think you've got a good deal
at $500,000 at 40%.
O'If you give us the 40%,
we will blow this thing up,
and your competitors
will be in the dust.
You'll be playing tunes
of woe and misery for them.
Alright,
you guys got a deal.
Yeah!
Good job.
Good job, Peter.
O'Fantastic.
Oh, I thought you were
gonna lose that one.
- I'm so excited for you.
- Thank you so much.
That was
- really impressive.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- We're so excited, you guys.
- Congratulations.
- Well done.
- This is wonderful.
- Alright!
- Thank you.
Congratulations.
Well done!
Thank you.
I know.
- I feel like crying.
- I know.
It's gonna be big.
I think it will be big.
I was born in a small town
in England called Langley.
I come from
a really hardworking family,
and I think that that's
an essence of my identity.
I struggled at school.
I found it really difficult.
My parents wanted me
to get a good education,
go and get a nine-to-five job.
There was always something
inside me, though,
that wanted something different.
I used to play a lot of tennis,
and at the age of 16,
I started my first business,
the Peter Jones tennis academy.
It started out with five people.
Then it grew to 40 people.
The next thing I knew,
wow, I've got a serious business
on my hand.
Whilst I was still doing
my tennis academy,
I'd read about this guy,
Michael Dell,
building computers
in his bedroom, and I thought,
"You know what?
I could do that."
The minute I left school at 18,
I was learning about
how to build a computer.
By the time I'm 21,
I found myself with this
incredible computer business.
I had my own house, had
beautiful cars, and I thought,
"This is amazing.
Business isn't that difficult,
is it?"
Until recession
hit in the U.K.,
and then everything
came crashing down.
Companies that owed me money
couldn't afford to pay me.
I'm now having to sell my house,
sell my cars.
It was a dark, dark moment.
But then that word "failure"
kept on resonating,
and that was my eureka moment.
I just went, "Hang on a minute.
There's no such thing
as failure."
That's feedback.
I ended up getting a job
at Siemens,
massive computer company.
I started in sales and
marketing, and I also thought,
"You know what? This business
could do so much more."
Some of the decisions
that I made,
I'm proud to say that
the business made a profit
for the first time
in a long time.
In nine months,
we were so successful
that the chairman decided
that I should be
running the business.
In 1998,
I started a telecoms company.
I knew that mobile phones
were gonna be
the next big thing.
I started with $10,000.
By the time
I got to my fifth year,
we turned over a quarter
of a billion dollars,
and, boy, was I happy.
I like
impossible challenges.
Good.
I've been on
"Dragons' Den" since 2005 --
longest-standing Dragon --
or Shark, for that matter --
anywhere in the world.
So I can't wait
to get into the tank
and breathe a little bit of fire
on a few of them,
particularly Kevin.
Even though I'm on
"Dragons' Den" in the U.K.,
"Shark Tank,"
it's the Super League.
In my opinion, America is the
pinnacle of entrepreneurship.
There's something
uniquely different
about the American dream.
Three!
The experience I learned
from literally losing everything
was probably one of the
greatest experiences of my life.
It's made me really care
about other people,
and I want to help people
achieve their dreams.
It's one of the reasons
why I do "Dragons' Den,"
and it's certainly the reason
why I'm here to do "Shark Tank."
Next up is a product
inspired by
our new work-from-home normal.
Hi, Sharks, my name is Parm,
like Parmesan.
I know it's cheesy.
I'm from
Sacramento, California,
and the CEO of MuteMe.
And I'm Tye,
like the tie that you wear,
and I'm also from Sacramento,
California, and the CFO.
We're here today asking
for $200,000
in exchange for 10%
of our company, MuteMe.
And joining us virtually today
are our two other cofounders,
and wives,
Handeep and Brittany.
Hi, Sharks! I'm so excited
to be here today.
My name is Handeep,
and I'm the chief operating
officer at MuteMe.
I'm Brittany, and I'm the chief
marketing officer at MuteMe.
We wish they could be here
with us today.
Yeah, right.
They're so lucky
we let them on the Tank.
We're the real talent.
We should have been on there.
Tell me about it.
You know it took Tye a month
to memorize his five lines?
I had them down in a day.
We would have been flawless.
We would have been.
- We can hear you!
There's got to be
a better way.
Well, now there is!
Sharks, this is MuteMe,
the world's first
illuminated mute button.
You press MuteMe
when you need to be muted,
the lights change color
so it's never disputed.
Tap it again
when it's your turn to speak.
The light stops you from letting
the wrong words leak.
It's a perfect tool
when you're multitasking
or when you have a coworker
like Mr. Wonderful
who keeps on ranting.
It helps others around you know
if you're busy.
No more wondering, "Hey,
he's not on a call, is he?"
Stainless steel
is super neat.
Custom engraving,
it can't be beat.
It's the hottest product
of the year.
No more conference-call slipups
or fears.
Whether you're working
or learning,
our button
makes things easy.
Don't worry, we know
this rhyme's pretty cheesy.
Sharks, we hope you found our
pitch just a little bit funny.
But unmute yourselves,
it's time to make some money.
There you go.
- I like that.
- There you go.
Good job.
So run through, really quick,
all the scenarios.
Just give me
like four or five
where you think
someone would use this.
So, 2020, one of the
top lines that was used was,
"You're on mute.""You're on mute."
And how many times
have you heard a dog bark,
doorbell ring,
different scenarios
while someone's talking
and they don't realize
they're on mute?
Everyone's trying
to get their attention,
and they just don't have
that indication that they are.
Why not just do
a browser extension, though,
and just make it really,
really big on the screen
where everybody's looking?
Because it takes up
screen real estate.
You don't want to take up
additional space on your screen.
There's like eight different
conferencing platforms, right?
When you're interfacing
with all those different
conferencing platforms,
it's not easy.
So our button,
you plug it in,
you press the button,
it mutes and unmutes.
How much are you
selling them for?
We're selling them
for $39 retail.
And what
do they cost to make?
It's $11.62 right now.
How did
you come up with this?
And tell us
about your background.
We actually have a mutual friend
that came up with the idea.
I worked on a remote working
project with him two years ago.
And Tye is
the technical marketing manager
at the largest all-remote
company in the world.
So we decided to go down
the path
of developing
something ourselves.
We prototyped it
in about a month,
launched a Kickstarter,
and it just takes off.
Give me an idea
- what "take off" means.
- Yeah, what is "take off"?
Yeah, so we did --
So, we did 145,000
on Kickstarter.
Dollars or units?
Dollars.
And Indiegogo was $135,000,
so we did $280,000
in crowdfunding.
What about real sales?
What's happened?
We've done $61,000.
$61,000.
How'd you sell them?
On our website.
You'll want to know also
we are in every Staples
in the United States.
- You are?
- The last four weeks.
But what have they sold
in these last four weeks?
So we've sold just over
150 units.
That's it?
Where are they putting it
in the store?
Very front.
If you walk into
a Staples right now,
there's a table there.
What have they said
about the feedback?
Because 150 units is low.
They haven't promoted us
in any marketing yet,
and that's to come
in the next couple of weeks.
Well, no,
they are promoting you,
because they've basically
got walk-in trade,
and it's the first thing
you see.
Footfall overall everywhere
is not where it should be
as of right now.
No, but hold on, hold on.
I think Peter's asking
a great question.
I mean, to back that up, though,
did they tell you the tests
on how many doors
they're putting you in?
1,067 stores.
Every store
in the United States.
We've gone to a lot of stores,
and the one thing
that we're trying to get them
to do most often is,
you see the value
in the illumination.
- Yes.
- And that's something that
the stores run a battery pack,
and the battery pack dies.
You've got to come up
with a way to sell it.
Do something fun with it
on TikTok.
You have got to be
great content creators.
You're a product,
and you haven't figured out
how to sell it.
I mean, you're not even close.
That's what I think you need
to be successful.
So for those reasons,
I'm out.
I'm sorry to hear that,
Mark.
I think this goes to zero
in retail.
In about 90 days, it'll be in
the discount bin for nine bucks.
That's not a problem.
This should be
completely done online.
Part of
the strategy is actually a
business-to-business strategy.
Because the top
is stainless steel,
it can be laser engraved
with any logo.
So we've had a lot of customers
where they've --
Stop selling for a second
because I want a minute
just to drop out.
I'm gone, I'm out, I'm history.
Thank you.
Sorry to hear that.
What you've done here is
you've created a great product
that's come out of the pandemic.
I've got a company in Asia.
It's like
the third- or fourth-largest
gadget company online.
We sell tens of millions' worth
of gadgets, and I'm thinking,
"Could I sell this?"
I think I could.
But, sadly, it's going to be
a race to the bottom on price.
That's where I think it's at.
You have other competitors
in this market?
So we're first to market.
There are some competitors
out there
that are trying to --
They saw our Kickstarter
and decided to ramp up.
Do you have any I.P.
at all on it?
We do.
We have a provisional patent.
So we're the only mute button
that isn't a microphone.
That's not bad.
It could be worse.
We work with
- all the microphones.
- No, it's good.
So we're the only mute button
that's not a microphone
and is illuminated.
We have factories in Shenzhen.
I can make this for you now.
We'd love
to work with you.
Make that happen.
Yeah, yeah.
You've got no proprietary
circuit board in here.
This is probably, at volume,
less than 70 or 80 cents,
in time.
Yeah, we we are currently
manufacturing it at $11.
Ouch.
We would love to work
with any one of you.
I'll give you an offer.
But the problem is,
I have to redo your business.
Every one of the Sharks
said something that's critical.
You know, you got to make
these things for $1.50.
And at the end of the day,
this has got to be $19.99,
maybe $14.99.
- I think it's $9.99.
- I mean, certain companies are
targeting something like $9.99.
So, anyway, unfortunately,
I have to give you
a very Sharky offer.
$200,000 for 50%.
50%?
Ooh.5-0.
- 5-0.
- That's not an unreasonable offer
for what you guys got here.
The valuation is crazy.
It is crazy.
But I have to put
so much work in,
I probably am gonna have to
give percentages
to a bunch of people.
What do you think?
Why don't you see if you can get
an offer from somebody else?
If you don't,
- that's the only offer you got.
- That's true.
Well, if you don't get
an offer from somebody else,
then it's gonna go up.
Who's still in?
Are we -- three of us?
No, I hate this.
Tell us
what you really think.
Listen, guys, I see
the benefit of it.
I'm so on the fence about it.
And whenever I feel that way,
I have to go with my gut.
And I'm so sorry,
but I'm out.
Guys, so...
I'm really torn.
Be torn towards us.
No, I'm really torn.
If I do this and I go back
and my guys say,
"What the
are you doing? Because..."
"You're just investing
in a button
that goes red and green.
We could create that tomorrow."
And I just -- I feel really
quite worried about that.
Hey, you know what, guys?
I'm out.
The thing is, there's a lot
of simple things out there
that sell well.
Just because it's simple
doesn't necessarily mean
that it's a bad idea.
Seriously, guys,
I'm really sorry,
but I'm going
to have to say I'm out.
Alright.
We appreciate it.
Good luck, guys.
- Alright, take care, guys.
- Appreciate it.
- That's a tough one.
- Yeah.
They messed up.
I think
they look at something
and they think it's simple.
They don't necessarily,
you know, think that
this is gonna grow,
but I know
it's gonna grow.
It's gonna be something
that's gonna end up
on a lot
of students' desks.
They're gonna be sorry
in a couple years,
and that's okay.
It's gonna be the Ring doorbell
all over again.
The Ring doorbell
The only good thing
about this
is if it actually worked
for real on people.
Next in the Tank
is a food business that's as
convenient as it is healthy.
Hello, Sharks.
This is
Christopher Jane.
And this
is Jennifer Jane.
We're based
in Austin, Texas,
and together we are the sibling
founders of Proper Good.
We're here today
seeking $400,000
in exchange for 10%
of our wonderful
natural foods company.
So, what is Proper Good?
Proper Good
makes the tastiest
and most convenient
90-second meals ever made
And who are
these meals for?
For busy people who care about
what they put in their bodies.
So whether you're plant-based,
ketogenic,
gluten-free, or dairy-free,
we have got the meals
for your lifestyle.
Well, that sounds divine!
So how do people
get these meals?
Ah, well,
that couldn't be easier.
We ship direct to you
from the Proper Good website
in a wonderful,
lovely little box with 12 meals
with no extra packaging,
no insulation, and no dry ice.
Oh, wait a minute.
Are you telling me
there's no refrigeration needed?
Quite right.
All Proper Good meals
are shelf-stable
for up to eight months,
meaning no fridge needed,
so you can enjoy them at home,
at work, or on the go
whenever you need
a 90-second meal in a pinch.
It's like having
a wonderful little chef
in your pocket.
By Jove,
that does sound good.
Quite good.
- Proper Good.
So, Sharks, who's ready to make
a Proper Good investment?
That was
absolutely first-class.
Are you really English?
- We are, indeed, yes.
- Yes, we are.
So we grew up on "Dragons' Den"
and watching you.
So when we heard that you
were here, we were delighted.
- Yes.
- Fantastic.
So today
I'm your favorite Shark?
Indeed.
Oh, thank you. How do you feel
about that, Mr. Wonderful?
Alright, I'm out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, early mistakes.
What do we have?
Yes, so all of the Sharks
to my right,
you all have our Red Pepper
and Meatball soup,
which is our best seller.
That's why it's
in the crown jewels there.
And also Chicken Noodle,
which is an elevated version
of the classic.
And then, Mark, you have two
of our vegan options,
which is the Southwest Chili
with plant-based meat,
and then also
a Quinoa Brown Rice Blend.
It's really nice.
It's good.
- I'm eating the meatball.
- Thank you.
- Excellent.It's very good.
- Wonderful.
Very tasty.
Good.
Thank you.
How much does that box cost,
and what do you sell it for?
Average product price is around
$7, including free delivery.
- That's for one. One meal.
- For one.
So with a subscription, though,
all of our meals are $5.99,
including free shipping.
So that makes the box $72
for the 12.
If you sell it for $72,
what does it cost you to make?
Cost for us to make it?
Around $30.
And for any given package,
the range for your cost?
Our cost is $2 to $2.50.
We're at about 65% gross.
But I could eat it
right out of the pouch, right,
without even heating it
if I wanted?
- Correct.
- You can eat it cold
if you want.
Yeah, and we found
a few different industries,
such as nurses and truckers
in particular,
that love
that nature of it,
the fact
that it's already cooked
and you can eat it hot
- or cold.
- Yeah.
And what have your sales been
so far?
We launched in 2020,
April.
Year one we did,
of calendar year,
$556,000 in sales.
That's great.
Year to date this year,
we're obviously
about 50% through,
we've done
just over a million.
- Whoa.
- Wow.
This is all direct to consumer,
- almost 100%.
- Wow.
- Good for you.
- What is generating
these sales?
What are you doing
to get customers?
Through COVID,
we saw a lot of people
go to shop online, right?
- Right.
- They started to adopt
e-commerce behavior.
And really, we are truly
the only company
offering premium
shelf-stable meals.
Chris and Jen, you know,
I love what you're doing, I love
the packaging, everything.
I don't generally eat soups,
but it's something
that I wouldn't be able
to really be passionate about.
So I wish you luck, and I loved
the presentation.
I'm out.
Okay, thank you
- for the time.
- Thank you, Daymond.
I think
you're onto something.
I think your sales
are indicative of that
because that's really fast
growth in a pandemic.
But you're a little bit
too early for me right now.
I'd like to see it
have more flavors
and a little more
tried and true.
And solely for those reasons,
I'm out.
Understood.
- Thank you for the feedback.
- Thank you, Lori.
Can I just ask a question
about your profit?
What was your profit
on just that
just over a million?
Sure, no, so we are very much
losing money right now
on a customer-acquisition
standpoint.
Let's just break it down
from that million, year to date,
is around $550,000
in gross margin,
There's around $300,000
in net margin.
But overall,
yeah, company to date
has raised
about $2 million.
Oh.
- Oh.
- So we are
losing money today
to acquire customers,
- build products.
- Okay.
Okay, so your cost of
acquisition, then, is huge.
So it's about $32
if you take
your total year-one marketing
over total year-one customers.
But that puts us profitable on
a second order with customers.
And how much are you burning
per month?
$80,000.
Guys, I like the product,
I like the idea,
I think it's going to work.
I much prefer, however,
to invest in a company
that can give me two numbers.
Customer-acquisition cost
and lifetime value.
Because if you had
already arrived at a place
where you said to me,
"Look, Kevin, lifetime value
is 250 bucks,
acquisition is $18,"
- it's a no-brainer.
- Sure.
All we have to do is fight about
- what percentage I get.
- Correct.
That's it.
You're not there yet.
For me, not ready.
It's not pasteurized enough yet.
The model isn't nailed down.
I'm out.
Okay.
I really like it.
I think you've produced
a really good quality product.
Thank you.
However, I've been in this
market before
with Barenaked Foods,
and one of the big things
that we got right
was that specific
cost of acquisition
- at the starting point.
- Yep.
And what actually
ends up happening
in businesses like this
is that you have
a high level of entry.
And whilst you think
you can change
to the subscription model,
you will demonstrate
that your customer acquisition
will go down.
Sure.
When you start to bring out
your new ranges,
your cost of acquisition
goes through the roof again
and you go in a never-ending
cycle of actually massive burn,
and you need more
and more investment.
And that's why what happens
is, to businesses like this,
the founders, sadly, end up
with tiny equity at the end.
They end up shorting,
ultimately, the investor
at the front end, and you end up
diluting and diluting,
and it's a race to the bottom.
And that's the only reason why
I'm gonna say, sadly, I'm out.
Okay, understood.
Thank you.
You guys, I know how to make
this thing huge, right?
I'm afraid you guys
might hold me back.
Because when you have a product
that's functional
and it's the message itself,
then you just got to
let it sell, right?
Would you be willing
to change your marketing
and to change your packaging?
Yes, we --
well, "data over ego"
is our kind of
- little mantra.
- Perfect. Okay.
- Perfect.
- So, yes, definitely.
I'll make you an offer.
It's gonna be Sharky, but
this is what it's gonna take.
And I have the team to do it
and the results to prove it.
So I'll offer you the $400,000,
but I want 25%.
- Okay.
- Mm!
Well,
- thank you for the offer.
- Thank you.
- Mm!
- Because you should be able
to go from a million
to $25 million
within three
to four years easily,
if not faster, and you should
be able to cut your CAC
- to next to nothing.
- Yep.
But, you know, focusing on
fitness and travel
and all these different things
and just using earned media.
Would it be okay to hear
if there's any other offers
on the table?
They're all out.
I think they're all out.
Oh, just one? I thought --
I forgot he was out.
Okay, um...
Yeah.
We're all on Mark.
Do you want to take
a minute to talk,
or what do you want
to do here?
Would you consider 20%?
I would do 20%.
Alright,
- let's make it happen.
- Deal.
Let's do it.
Alright.
Good.
Congrats, guys.
- O'Excellent.
- Thank you.
That's proper good.
We're gonna make
a lot of money.
- Thank you so much.
- Well done.
- Pleasure.
Thank you so much.
- Lovely. Bye-bye.
- Thank you. Bye-bye.
- Thanks, guys.
- Alright, hands up.
Nice!
Awesome.
Ooh, it was touch-and-go
for a moment.
It was.
Of course we're a little bit sad
not to get
the fellow Englishman
in the Shark Tank,
but we are delighted
to be with Mark Cuban
and really excited
to grow this.
It really is good.
- I'd say it's quite good.
- Oh, it's Proper Good.
Next up
is an apparel company
focused on helping our oceans.
Hello, Sharks.
My name is Michael Lamagna.
I'm Lauren Lamagna.
And we're salty siblings
from New England.
We're here
seeking a $375,000 investment
for 15% of our business,
the Long Wharf
Supply Co.
It's no secret that
ocean plastics are one of
the biggest environmental
challenges of our generation.
Additionally, millions of pounds
of oyster shells
are discarded every year
and end up in landfills,
eventually turning toxic
over time
while contributing
to global waste.
And that's why we're
turning waste into wool.
We created the first
fisherman's sweaters made
from a soft blend
of recycled oyster shells,
recycled water bottles,
and natural lambswool.
Each sweater sold
reseeds up to 30 oysters.
To date, we've reseeded
over 70,000 oysters,
which naturally filter
3.5 million gallons of seawater
in our local waterways
every day.
- Wow.
- By creating high-quality
and timeless garments
that promote the use
of recycled materials
and that directly support
reseeding coastal oyster reefs,
we hope to reduce waste
and clean up
our inshore waterways
for the next generation.
So, Sharks, now that we've got
a hook in the water,
who's ready to take the bait?
This is
- a really nice sweater.
- Thank you.
- It is really nice.
- - Really good quality.
Super soft.
I mean, it really feels nice.
It's got, like, that --
a good weight,
but also like
something you'd want to put on.
What's the percentage of
the lambswool to the recycled?
It's 10% lambswool and 50%
of our recycled material.
Really?50%?
The other 40%
is 20% nylon
and 20%
plant-based viscose.
So for those who don't know,
one oyster filters
how much water a day?
I'm glad you asked.
People are floored to learn
that 50 gallons
of seawater per day
are filtered by each oyster.
I filmed a little experiment
for you
so you can see it
with your own eyes.
We filled two tanks
with mucky seawater,
placed 60 oysters
in the tanks.
If you'll notice
by the end here,
the tank on the right
gets pretty clear.
- People are blown away.
- What was
that period of time?
- For two hours.
- That was
two hours alone?
Only takes you two hours
to clean that much?
For that time-lapse,
yes.
For that, yeah.
Wow,
that's pretty interesting.
So, what's your backstory?
Yeah, absolutely.
After graduating, I moved back
to Boston initially to work for
one of the most successful
e-commerce companies, Wayfair.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I interned
in New York City,
working for an entrepreneur
who had cofounded
fashion label Tory Burch,
was hired as an associate.
It was my dream job.
Unfortunately,
I got caught up in layoffs,
and I just did what I knew
how to do best --
Go back
and jump on lobster boats.
And during those years,
I looked around
and I was floored
at how much plastic
and waste
we'd pull out of the ocean.
So I started thinking about
launching my own business.
So Long Wharf originally started
at the end of 2016
with a handful of waxed canvas
and leather goods.
We actually launched the sweater
collection last year,
12 months ago.
So, what do these things
sell for?
What are your margins?
So we have just under
an 80% gross average margin.
- Wow.
- They cost us $23.50
to $33.50 to make.
And we sell them
for $128 to $158.
Have you figured out your
customer acquisition cost yet?
We have. Right now we can
acquire customers for $41.
- That's expensive.
- O'$41?
Give me the last three years
in sales.
Yeah, so I just want to talk
about our pandemic pivot
because it was a big part
of our story.
It's never good when someone
asks you,
"How much are you selling?"
and we get another story.
And you change subject,
yeah.
In the last 12 months,
we've sold $495,000.
And is it just the two
of you running the company?
Like, tell me
how is this operation being run.
It's the two of us.
I mean, it's bootstrapped,
nose to the grindstone,
pounding down doors.
You're doing everything,
though?
Mike likes to tell stories,
doesn't he?
- Mike's a storyteller, right?
- I'll jump in.
He's Italian,
I'm Italian.
If we're not talking,
we don't know what to do.
But it's very much
an all-hands-on-deck
kind of effort.
And are you 50/50 partners?
No. Right now I own 100%
of the company.
Michael.
You do?
I do.
- He does.
- And what about Lauren?
I still have
a full-time job
and I'm working
on Long Wharf
mornings, nights,
and weekends right now.
Well, why doesn't Lauren
have a percentage?
Yeah, why doesn't
Lauren have a percentage?
There's a couple negotiations
we can do in this room today.
Hey, who's the Shark?
Hang on, Mike.
Just give me one second here.
$375,000, 15%.
$2.5 million valuation.
$495,000 in sales.
I get the oyster story.
That's really great.
But it's a sweater business,
okay?
Your worth
is sort of one-time sales.
$375,000 --
I'd need to have like
75% of it.
We appreciate the offer,
I haven't said ...but that deal's a little
too steep for us.
He didn't
give an offer.
O'
Mike, let me tell you --
the valuation's insane.
The company's not even worth
$375,000 yet.
You asked for too much money.
I'm out.
We appreciate it, Mr. Wonderful.
Thank you for your time.
You know, I mean,
I'm really attracted to this
because my daughter
is five years old.
You know, they asked
all the kids in school,
"What do you want to be?"
and two of the kids say,
"I want to be a venture
capitalist when I get older."
My daughter said,
"I want to pick up trash."
Interesting.
Nothing against
the hardworking men and women
that clean up our cities.
And I asked her, "Why do you
want to pick up trash?"
And then she looked at me
at five years old
with those big, beautiful eyes
and said,
"Because I want to clean up
the world, Daddy."
Right?
- Ohh.
- Aww.
And so this
is something I want to do.
It's something that
our kids need to understand.
But the number is so much
to wrap our heads around,
and I would be making
an uneducated decision
and paying the most
I could for it.
So we're trying to --So I have to pass.
I'm out.
With that $375,000 --
Oh, we appreciate
your time, Daymond.
Um, I think
it's really interesting.
You do think that there's a gap
in the market, don't you?
We do.
I mean, we see ourselves
becoming the face
of the circular economy.
We believe that --That wasn't an opportunity
for a speech.
It was just a statement.
No, I'm just --
What I'm looking at now is,
is there actually
a market in that gap?
Because I think
what your mission
and what you're trying
to stand for is really great.
How do you make this
into a business?
Isn't there something bigger
that you could be doing
that would be helping the oceans
in an even bigger way
You don't like this business
at all?
- No.
We'd like to get there,
and I think we're on the track
to do that.
Let me ask the question
a different way.
Can you sell something
that everybody can afford to buy
so everybody can participate,
a T-shirt
that everybody can say,
"Hey,
I'm supporting conservation
and reclamation of oysters
and making the oceans better"?
There's got to be
a path to scale.
Yes, and there is.
So, right now what we've been
talking to you guys about
is our lambswool blend.
But something that we're
working on
is a cotton
and recycled-material blend.
It's much more versatile
than our wool blend,
which is made
to keep you warm.
Just tell me, can you sell
a T-shirt for $29.95,
make 60-plus percent margins,
accomplish the same thing,
and sell five million of them?
We think we can sell
five million of these sweaters.
I'm out.
We do appreciate
your time.
You know what's a bummer?
Mark's idea's a really great one
because people care.
His daughter cares.
We all care, right?
And we want to be able to
do things and get behind things,
but, to Mark's point,
in an affordable,
inexpensive way, a T-shirt.
And when he said,
"How about doing that?
Can you tell me doing that?"
And if you had said to him,
"Yes,"
I would have said,
"Mark, I want to join you."
But you didn't.
- Look at Michael.
- - But you didn't.
It was the moment
to jump in and say,
"Yeah, you know what? It's a
good idea. We'll figure it out."
We'll make anything
- out of oyster shells.
- And you guys, unfortunately,
Now you're talking, but......because you didn't,
I'm so sorry,
but I'm out.
- Well, we appreciate it, Lori.
- Thank you for your time, Lori.
Look, I think you've come
with a great product,
a really, really good idea.
There's two things
I don't like about it.
One is clearly the valuation.
And the second thing,
interestingly,
is you haven't given any share
to your sister,
who I think is
just about as passionate
in this business as you are.
So can you answer
why that hasn't happened?
Honestly, Peter, we haven't
even thought about it yet.
Lauren's put in
the time.
Did you think about, Lauren?
You might want to ask
Lauren that, yeah.
Lauren, would you take it
if he offered you equity?
Yeah, absolutely.
Michael, are you going to
offer her some equity?
Yes.
How much
is she gonna get?
I'd like to see
Michael's commitment.
How much
would you give her now?
Hmm.
Lauren, what do you want?
I'll take 10%.
That's it?
Done.
Alright!
We got a deal finally.
Great, you've just done a deal
in the Shark Tank.
- Congratulations.
- We'll take it.
You might do another one 'cause
I'm gonna make you an offer.
Awesome.
Let's hear it.
I am able
to help you sell this
on a global basis
in multiple markets.
I've got a business --
I'm a major shareholder.
It's called Localised.
We take even American brands,
and we put them
into global markets.
I'm going to offer you
all of the money --
that's $375,000 --
but I want 45%
- of the business.
- Ooh!
- O'- Yowza!
- - Wow.
Wow!
Four Sharks are out.
Peter is interested
in Lauren and Mike's
recycled-oyster sweater company,
Long Wharf,
but he wants a much bigger bite
than the 15%
they came in offering.
I'm going to offer you
all of the money --
that's $375,000 --
but I want 45%
- of the business.
- Ooh!
- O'- Yowza!
- - Wow.
Wow!
The British are coming!
Yeah. No...
That they are.
Um...
I think that's
a hell of an offer
because you don't
have anything yet.
You got oysters,
you got some water bottles,
you got nothing in sales.
And you got
a new partner.
You do that deal,
you lost 55% in one minute.
Um...
What are you thinking?
Your dream for having
this business successful
becomes reality
the minute you say yes.
What do you
want to do?
Yeah.
Peter, we we'd love to have you
join the family.
Great.
We appreciate the offer,
but --
Is that a deal?
Would you consider 25%?
- No.
- O'
To Kevin's point, this business
today is worth
maybe $300,000 to $500,000.
That's the reality.
And my business, we're the
only company in the world --
this is a big statement,
but it's true --
the only company in the world
that could take a global brand
and open them up in
a localized market like Japan,
Korea, and Asia
in 30 days or less.
That makes a very,
very unique difference,
and that's what I bring
to the party.
There -- There's no
coming off of 45%?
No, because I just feel
that there's gonna be
a lot of work here.
I'm not gonna budge on that.
It's my final offer, so...
Mm-hmm.
Well, Lauren's made
the decision on this one.
Peter, we really appreciate
your offer,
but it's more than we're willing
to give up right now.
Whoa!
Good for you guys.
- Understandable.
- O'Are you kidding?
No, that's smart as hell.
We really appreciate everyone's
advice and time today.
Good luck.
Well, listen, Peter just got you
10% of the company.
- That's true.
- Right?
We're walking away
as winners.
You've done a deal!
Well done.
Absolutely.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, everyone.
- We appreciate your time.
- Good luck, guys.
Congrats, guys.
Good luck.
- - Good work.
- O'- Wow.
So...
- Look at you!
- Got one deal done.
45% was way too high.
I did give up 10% today
to a great partner
who's been there
since the beginning,
but we're still keeping it
in the family.